hyper parameter optimization, we define the objective function. This is the key. This is
the main part where you define what the hyper parameters are. So you are passing it into a
dictionary. Okay. Hyper parameters and what could be the potential values each of these parameters
could take. Okay. Depending on what the nature of the values are here, these are integers. So trial
dot suggestant. Okay. This trial is the object that we are passing to the objective itself.
Then we will train the, train the random forest classifier, fit it. That is, this is the training
part itself. Then get the predicted values and compute the accuracy score. And we are returning
the accuracy score. This is the objective function. Now, once that is done, we are ready to create a study
that we are using the optuna. This is present as a method inside optuna object itself. And since we
are using accuracy, we are setting the direction as maximize. Okay. So the study is created.
They've called study dot optimize. The number of trials we are setting as 100. You can increase
this number if you have more computation power and patience. All right. So this is the, we are printing
out the, the number of trials it took, the best parameters and the trial value itself. So I have